
The tests in this directory do not follow the standard tcl test setup.
Instead, this directory contains a collection of scripts which test
the hs extension data fitting procedures on the NIST Statistical
Reference Datasets (StRD) for nonlinear regression. StRDs and their
purpose are described at http://www.itl.nist.gov/div898/strd/

The tests can be run interactively using the script "strd_interactive.tcl"
or in batch mode using the script "strd_batch.tcl". In the interactive
mode, the tests are performed one at a time, possibly with the help of
the fit tuner GUI. Please run the script "strd_interactive.tcl"
without any arguments to see its usage instruction. In the batch mode,
the tests are run all at once. In this mode, the test results are
written into two files: strd_results.hs and strd_results.txt. The file
strd_results.hs will contain an ntuple which can be used to examine
obtained parameters and their errors in all tests together with
certified values from NIST. The file strd_results.txt will contain
a table of test statuses. An example table line looks like this:

Dataset name     Start 1      Start 2      Start 3 
------------    ---------    ---------    ---------
      BoxBOD    FAIL/FAIL    pass/pass    pass/pass

For each dataset, the fitting is performed using three different
starting points in the parameter space: far from the certified
solution (Start 1), closer to the certified solution (Start 2), and
exactly at the certified solution (Start 3). The obtained parameters
and their errors are compared to the certified values. The status of
parameter value comparison is written as the first element (before
the slash) in each "Start" column. A dataset passes the parameter
comparison if all fitted parameter values pass the comparison.
The status of error comparison is written as the second element (after
the slash) in each "Start" column. All fitted parameter errors must
pass for the dataset to pass.

A fit parameter passes the test if the absolute difference between
the fitted value and the certified value does not exceed a certain
fraction of the certified error. This fraction is defined by the value
of "max_value_deviation" variable which is set at the beginning of the
"strd_batch.tcl" script. A parameter error passes the test if the
absolute difference between the fitted error and the certified error
does not exceed a certain fraction of the certified error. This
fraction is defined by the value of "max_error_deviation" variable
also set at the beginning of the "strd_batch.tcl" script. The values
of "max_value_deviation" and "max_error_deviation" are currently set
to 0.1 and 0.2, respectively. These bounds seem to be reasonable,
especially taking into account the fact that the hs extension does not
use analytic derivatives.

The file "strd_reference_results.txt" lists the results of StRD tests
obtained on a 64-bit Intel PC running Fedora 17 Linux.

